Title: Anyway
Date: 2025-05-04
Tags: Diary, Career

Well, I just come up with a few interviews that I failed. When I look back, I had interviews a lot of times when I switched jobs at the early stage of my career. As I get experienced, the number of interviews was getting less and the difficulty was getting easier but I still remember that I failed some interviews.

Here is the thing. As a result, the failure was not a bad thing. Thanks to those failures. When looking back, I'm realizing that I was unprofessional and immature back then. I didn't know what they wanted and didn't think about the career path and goal.

Anyways, I got a chance to move on a better company and a better job in my perspectives. Every places where I worked gave me a lot of opportunities to learn and grow. I am grateful for that.

First company tought me general knowledge of the industry, coding, machine learning, software engineering, and project management.
In the second company, I wrote a thousands of thousands of lines of code and that was the most immersive experience I've had.
In the third company, I learend communication skills and how to deliver features on the top of ongoing projects.
In the fourth company, I realized what kinds of colleagues and products I want to work with/work on.
In the fifth company, I experienced a functional programming and a manager role.
In the sixth company, I saw how to work like Google — but not at Google.
In the current company, I'm going through how to make money from the product in huge projects.

The domain, the number of employees, the structure, the average age, and the nationalities — everything was different from company to company. But one thing is certain: each of them gave me valuable experiences. I'm always grateful for the journey I've been on.
